hi guys it's Joanne I just wanted to
give you a video update on a new product
that I purchased two new products that I
purchased the first one is the hair
still accelerator treatment with
bioactive peptide ta - 5 and this is an
over the counter product that is sold at
uLTA Beauty Supply this what it looks
like in the box and this was 30 to 99
and I live in Florida so I don't know if
the prices are different anywhere else
but that's the outside and this is what
the bottle looks like and it smells
pretty good actually it's like a liquid
gel and you do have to kind of shake it
around a little bit but it's it's it's
like a gel but then it dries and it has
algae in it and it has like a whole
bunch of stuff milk protein rubus
bramble berries maidenhair fern extract
henna extract bar Osama Beto Lina Marcos
sellin dial salicylic 8 it has a bunch
of stuff in it I think japonic or Maxim
Chinese wormwood extract I don't know
what these things are but maybe I'll
look them up but basically I have to
start out what this does on 90 days is a
90 day treatment and see that maybe and
you you just take it and you rub it onto
your scalp and massage it in and it
dries up and it I just put it on
yesterday and it seems to dry up pretty
quickly so it doesn't look greasy like
when I was using the Rogaine it was
really greasy I didn't like that but um
you just put on there massage it really
just a little tiny bit of an amount like
a drop like a little droplet and just
rub that in and then I also have the
shampoo hair still accelerator shampoo
and it's also on any day treatment and
this was sixteen fifty at Ulta and this
is supposed to help support the hair
roots and it's a follicle enhancer and
it smells really good it smells like
cherry blossoms and almond oil
it smells good and it lathers up pretty
nice too I was surprised I didn't I was
worried that I wasn't gonna like it but
I liked it
so you put it on you should massage it
into your hair for two minutes you let
it sit there for two minutes and and
then you rinse it out pin it rinse this
out pretty clean I made my hair nice and
soft and kind of fuzzy so I'm pretty
happy with it and then I just used my
regular conditioner which I used on
Tresemme healthy volume conditioner but
my hair is still thin of course because
I just already using it but I'm looking
forward to seeing what the results are
gonna be so if you have any questions
just send me comments and or send me a
personal message and I'll get back to
you on that and I will give you updates
on how how I'm doing like I'll give you
a monthly update and another monthly and
then after the 90 days we'll see so and
in the meantime I'm going to make
appointment to go see a doctor and
figure out what the heck is wrong with
me and why am I losing my hair I know I
keep saying I'm gonna go to the doctor
but I don't have insurance so I'm saving
up my money so and going to the doctor's
is kind of scary because then you
actually get a result in blood tests and
all that
but anyway all right well I'll talk to
you
by